Welcome to Workbook 1.2.
And this one you will create a simple web app using Spring Boot.
Your first task was to launch the spring initialization, which I already have done, and here it tells
you to create a group ID artifact ID dependencies.
It doesn't say what the group ID or artifact ID need to be so you can just get creative.
I will go to start spring IO.
We'll create a Maven project using Java.
The stable version as of this recording or the latest stable version I should say, is 2.7.0.
You can feel free to choose whatever stable version pops up for you.
Group id I will say come learn the part.
Artifact ID.
I'm just going to call this.
Noah.
Let's just call it workbook.
I'm not that creative.
The packaging type will be jar.
Choose a Java version that matches the one you have installed.
This is really important.
I'm using Java 11.
Do we need to add any dependencies?
Add the spring web dependency because we would need that to set up a web application.
Spring web.
All right.
I will generate this project inside of my downloads folder.
Will Click Show End Finder.
If you're using Windows, it will say Show and File Explorer or something like that.
Then I will unzip this package and open it in IntelliJ.
We'll say file open.
I'll go to workbook and open it.
Trust project.
Okay.
We'll give it time to load.
Importing Maven project.
All right, I think we're good.
Let's move on to the next task.
And it tells us that our application must respond to requests made on Port 99.
This is something we can configure in our application properties, so I'll go to my properties.
And I'll say server dot port is equal to 1990.
The static folder contains static HTML images or CSS files.
We're going to add an HTML file to the static folder that renders the following view.
So here I will create a new.
HTML file.
Call it index.
It already generates an HTML template.
Let's just call the HTML document workbook.
Doesn't really matter.
And if you had a look at the HTML cheat sheet, you would know that we can use the h one element to
create a header.
The headers are going to be the following.
Printing is fun.
Let me just copy and paste this four times.
Here we'll say Java is better than Python.
I spilled java all over my paper.
My dog ate my java.
Splendid.
Okay.
I'll go ahead and spin up a new terminal.
Page going here may have clean spring boot to run.
I'll have to make a request on local host 1990.
That's where our application is listening.
All right.
We made a request on local host 1990.
Our server is listening on that port, and upon receiving this request, it responds with HTML.
This HTML populates the browsers web page with headers.
That's all for workbook 1.2.
I will see you in the next one.